docs: adding docs for online algorithms (#2615)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/algorithms/linear-regression/linear-regression.rst

.. * Copyright 2024 Intel Corporation
.. *
.. * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. * You may obtain a copy of the License at
.. *
.. *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.. *
.. * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

.. highlight:: cpp
.. default-domain:: cpp

.. _alg_linear-regression:

=================
Linear Regression
=================

.. include::  ../../../includes/linear-regression/linear-regression-introduction.rst

------------------------
Mathematical formulation
------------------------

.. _linreg_t_math:

Training
---------

Given a set :math:`(x_{11}, \ldots, x_{1p}, y_1, \ldots, x_{n1}, \ldots, x_{np}, y_n)` of

> training data, :math:`n \gg p`. The matrix :math:`X` of size :math:`n \times p` contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
training data, :math:`n \gg p`. The :math:`X` matrix of the :math:`n \times p` size contains
```

observations :math:`x_{ij}`, :math:`i=1, \ldots, n`, :math:`j = 1, \ldots, p` of independent
variables.

> To estimate the coefficients :math:`(\beta_{0j}, \ldots, \beta_{pj})`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To estimate the coefficients :math:`(\beta_{0j}, \ldots, \beta_{pj})`,
```

Normal Equation system method can be used.

.. _linreg_p_math:

Partial Training
----------------

> Given a block :math:`(x_{11}, \ldots, x_{1p}, y_1, \ldots, x_{n1}, \ldots, x_{np}, y_n)` of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a :math:`(x_{11}, \ldots, x_{1p}, y_1, \ldots, x_{n1}, \ldots, x_{np}, y_n)` block of
```

> training data, :math:`n \gg p`. The matrix :math:`X` of size :math:`n \times p` contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
training data, :math:`n \gg p`. The :math:`X` matrix of :math:`n \times p` size contains
```

> observations :math:`x_{ij}`, :math:`i=1, \ldots, n`, :math:`j = 1, \ldots, p` of independent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:math:`x_{ij}`, :math:`i=1, \ldots, n`, :math:`j = 1, \ldots, p` observations of independent
```

variables.

> To compute crossproduct of Linear Regression Normal Equation system method can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compute a cross product of Linear Regression, you can use the Normal Equation method.
```

.. _linreg_f_math:

Finalize Training
-----------------

Given a partial result with partial products.

> To compute crossproduct of Linear Regression Normal Equation system method can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compute a cross product of Linear Regression, you can use the Normal Equation method.
```

.. _linreg_i_math:

Inference
---------

> Linear regression based prediction is done for input vector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The linear regression-based prediction is made for the input vector
```

> using the equation :math:`y_j = \beta_{0j} + \beta_{1j}x_1 + \ldots + \beta_{pj}x_p`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the :math:`y_j = \beta_{0j} + \beta_{1j}x_1 + \ldots + \beta_{pj}x_p` equation
```

for each :math:`j=1, \ldots, k`.

.. _norm_eq:

> Computation method: *norm_eq*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computation Method: *norm_eq*
```

-----------------------------
The method computes means, variance-covariance, or correlation matrix for the dense data.

> This is the default and the only method supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default and the only supported method.
```
